[Docs] PR for Document how to publish Node-IP as the broadcast address (Doc-PLAT-2639) (#11056)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/yugabyte-platform/configure-yugabyte-platform/set-up-cloud-provider/kubernetes.md

    ```yml
    istioCompatibility: enabled: true
    ```
    
  - Overrides to publish Node-IP as the server broadcast address.
  

>     By default, master and T-Server pod IPs are published as the server broadcast address. To publish the IPs of the nodes on which database pods are deployed, add the following YAML to each zone override configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, Master and T-Server pod FQDNs are used within the cluster as the server broadcast address. To publish the IPs of the nodes on which database pods are deployed, add the following YAML to each zone override configuration:
```

Author: Implemented the suggestion

>     By default, master and T-Server pod IPs are published as the server broadcast address. To publish the IPs of the nodes on which database pods are deployed, add the following YAML to each zone override configuration:

Reviewer: > To publish the IPs of the nodes on which database pods are deployed,

The override we have here is actually exposing only YB-TServer pods and not master.

Reviewer: @lizayugabyte that's correct.

  
    ```yml
    master:
      podAnnotations:
        prometheus.io/path: "/prometheus-metrics"
        # Any other required annotations

>     

Reviewer: This whole section can be removed as well. Same as the suggestion given by Jason for tserver section.

Author: Removed

    tserver:
      extraEnv:
      - name: NODE_IP
        valueFrom:
          fieldRef:
            fieldPath: status.hostIP
      serverBroadcastAddress: "$(NODE_IP)"
      affinity:
        podAntiAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
          - labelSelector:
              matchExpressions:
              - key: app
                operator: In
                values:
                - "yb-tserver"
            topologyKey: kubernetes.io/hostname
      podAnnotations:

>         prometheus.io/path: "/prometheus-metrics"

Reviewer 2: This `prometheus.io/path: "/prometheus-metrics"` annotation seems unrelated. Why is it included in the example? Otherwise, LGTM

Author: @bhavin192 Could you please, let me know if I can delete
    ```
  podAnnotations:
        prometheus.io/path: "/prometheus-metrics"
```

Reviewer: Yes, we can remove it Jason is correct.

Reviewer: Yes, we can remove it Jason is correct.
